It’s true, we meet again,
How do you talk to me?
That’s right, that’s Tie Shaoyin, someone who understands commissions?
How do you want to do this?
Nothing for you.
What kind of brat can you have if you hold the gate of Bakan?
Ah, he has been shot something,
Then even Ba didn’t get it.
How about I, give him a pass to eat,
Boy, I'm usually pretty cool.
But he educated Liu Rengu,
My eyes were filled with pressure before I saw it.
You guys are really polite
But you slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly.
slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly.
Slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly slightly